Honestly bro i have traded for years. My family were in official trading and its accessories for years.

Best i can recommend, do not read, do not watch YouTube, or anything about commodity trading.

Most of these are either extremely long term trading plans which requires big capital and experience. , or straight outdated information / strategy that big bears always go against to take small people's money.

I dont know, what is your position. You could be big investor or small investor.

But if you want the real deal, read about macro economy and micro economy, read the news daily, read articles about current market events (not predections and transparency).

You are interested in trading commodities. So your reading should focus on commodities in general, not trading commodities books.

Understand where the commodity originates, understand where the commodity gets processed, understand where it gets purchased and used, understand where the commodity gets recycled. Also understand who dominates the market per each commodity.

People might think that forex, stocks trading is hard. But when it comes to commodities, it is a different story.

Civilisations from ancient to modern day has traded commodities. Commodities were traded before all these new means such as currency and banks.

People were trading commodities in BC times.

Most brokers dont even have the capacity to trade all commodities. Only big brokers with accounts 20k to 100k can have access to full commodity lists.

So when you se something like (cotton usa) in a broker, thats is just one type and quality of cotton. There are literally 50 different types of cotton. With rice there are almost 30 types. Coffe has endless grain types.

Wgen it comes to oil, gas, and energy in general, the types and quality of each has many subcategories in it. So you may think crude and brint are the main types. There are many other tyoes of oil and petrochemicals.

Understand peoples tatse per country, seasonality, supply chains,..

And , watch the market, every day. Watch the market untill you get bored.

Seasonality is a big matter with commodities. Things like Chinese and indian celebrations always push sugar price up. These two countries have massive population and demand during seasons does push price up. But there is mo such thing as 100% trade. So with my same example of sugar lrices during seasonality, COVID for Example was driving demand low, amd sugar prices went lower.

Finally, you gotta understand the market dynamics. Things like substitute product, alternative product, emergency product.

So if for example, if coffe and tea price is up, most likely sugar would go up. Because these three are in the same cycle / family

If there are shortages in pork meat for example and prices are too high, most likely people would buy more beef, lamb, and chicken instead.

The market changes everyday. Everyday is a new market because everyday has new events. History does repeat itself, but the power of new day can change history.

I hope i have given you some understanding of commodities.